[docs] improve descriptions for our APIs, and add videos (#6570)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/intent-launcher.md

---
title: IntentLauncher
sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/sdk-36/packages/expo-intent-launcher'
---

import TableOfContentSection from '~/components/plugins/TableOfContentSection';

> **`expo-intent-launcher`** provides a way to launch android intents. For example- opening a specific settings screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`expo-intent-launcher`** provides a way to launch Android intents. For example, you can use this API to open a specific settings screen.
```
